add text recognition 0013 model (#2078)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/intel/text-recognition-0013/description/text-recognition-0013.md

# text-recognition-0013

## Use Case and High-Level Description

This is a network for text recognition scenario. It consists of VGG16-like backbone and bidirectional LSTM encoder-decoder.
The network is able to recognize case-insensitive alphanumeric text (36 unique symbols).

## Example

![](./openvino.jpg) -> openvino

## Specification

| Metric                                         | Value              |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Accuracy on the alphanumeric subset of ICDAR13 | 0.8739             |
| Text location requirements                     | Tight aligned crop |
| GFlops                                         | 1.488              |
| MParams                                        | 5.567              |
| Source framework                               | PyTorch            |

## Inputs

> Shape: [1x1x32x120] - An input image in the format [BxCxHxW],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shape: `1, 1, 32, 120` - An input image in the format `B, C, H, W`,
```

where:
  - B - batch size
  - C - number of channels
  - H - image height
  - W - image width

Note that the source image should be tight aligned crop with detected text converted to grayscale.

## Outputs

> The net outputs a blob with the shape [30, 1, 37] in the format [WxBxL],

Reviewer: as you have the issue with additional outputs, I think it will be useful if you add name for output in description (and for input too, for alignment)

Author: Added info about inputs and outputs

> The net outputs a blob with the shape [30, 1, 37] in the format [WxBxL],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The net outputs a blob with the shape `30, 1, 37` in the format `W, B, L`,
```

> The net outputs a blob `logits` with the shape `30, 1, 37` in the format `W, B, L`,

Reviewer 2: Given demo has `-tr_o_blb_nm`, I think there should be multiple outputs listed.

Author: All the other outputs are meaningless: they are created after model optimizer step and should not exist in the model. In other words, these are handing nodes.

Reviewer 2: `input.yml` lists "targets".

Author: Oh, I've forgotten about this output since it is not used in accuracy checker nor in demo. Added info bout this output.

Reviewer 2: Are you sure it has rank 3? For me IE prints 2.
